fix: update bug template (#836)
scania-digital-design-system/tegel: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**To Reproduce**
Steps to reproduce the behavior:
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error

**Expected behavior**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

> Code Example
> Please create a minimal, reproducible example in an online sandbox (e.g., CodeSandbox, StackBlitz, etc.). Providing code in a sandbox helps us understand and troubleshoot the issue faster.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code Example
Please create a minimal, reproducible example in an online sandbox and paste a link to it here. We strongly recommend the usage of [Stackblitz](https://stackblitz.com/) as it offers ready-made templates for different frameworks and works great with Tegel. Providing code in a sandbox helps us understand and troubleshoot the issue faster.

Other sandbox tools: CodePen, CodeSandbox

```

Reviewer: @ckrook  - I changed this comment as I think Stackblitz would work best for us and our users. I am thinking, how do we make a field where people can paste their links in?

Author: @theJohnnyMe  Sounds good to me!
